The Joe Rogan experience.
It's just the, the idea of pulling up at a yacht is the end.
It's the opposite of what everybody tells you about fighting, right? Fighting.
You have to stay hungry, like stay humble, you know, like, like, you know,
Rocky three style. Yeah. Like you don't, you don't pull up in a yacht.
And if you,
but if you do the only person who's been able to do like that is Floyd M
ayweather. He's the only guy who's been able to just be balling outta control,
constantly flashing money, million dollar watches, you know,
a fleet of super expensive cars and still everybody up.
He does. He's the only guy. Yeah. Literally.
The only thing other guys besides like him Oconnor who really Adrian Broner.
But he he's.
He's he just won. I think he won disputed decision,
but he seems to be more concerned with having fun
and being crazy. The thing about Floyd is he never lost his discipline.
Like Floyd's discipline was, uh, undeniable. Right. But.
Through that at balling nights, he never,
I don't think he was doing drugs or drinking. You know, he kept his.
Pretty Floyd would famously run home from the nightclub.
So he would go out in Vegas, he'd be partying. It looked like he's party,
he's drinking water.
And then he would have his driver drive and with his pants
on with jeans on, he would home mean the dude was always training,
always training, never got outta.
Shape. Dude, the jog home and jeans. Isn't a torture.
The torture is sitting around a bunch of drunk people drinking water in a club.
I jog home all night.
<Laugh> rather than that. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
It's an interesting thing though. The,
the keeping your motivation as you reach a certain level of fame
and success, because that's a lot of the motivation for fighters is to,
to one day be that champion one day,
have that money where your family's gonna be taken care of for life.
You don't have to worry anymore. Do you hit that spot? Like,
and then what keeps you going? Yeah. How.
Do you remain a student in that spot? Yeah.
There's the famous quote that is hard to wake up in and,
and run the miles when you sleeping in silk pajamas.
I forget what boxer said that, but yeah, it's gotta be true, you know? Um, what,
unless you just keep setting goals, maybe he's trying to,
to do something that's never been done. Maybe that's the driving factor now,
you know, cuz a lot of guys money might be the driving factor,
but once you get the money, maybe you set it up to try to leave legend.
He thinks behind like.
Well the thing about Floyd is he spend so much money.
Maybe that maybe money's still the motivation because he's just always about to
go broke. Cuz he is just, he spends like a Manc.
I would like to think, even though he is spending like that,
he's made some great investments and yeah.
I'd like to think that too, but I, I bet it's not the case. <laugh>.
Yeah, yeah. Definitely spend a lot of money,
but he's made so much man, over a billion, right? Isn't that crazy.
Over a billion, over a billion dollars in fighting a billion, a with a B,
and now he's about to fight Logan Paul in a boxing match in Japan.
But apparently they postponed that.
Right. I thought, I thought it was a different fight, uh, in Japan.
No, I think it's Logan Paul, right? It is. Yeah, no it's Logan Paul.
They postponed it though because they weren't,
they didn't have enough paper view interest. Right. Is that the Jamie, you know,
the, not according to.
Them, but uh, not according to them probably to cover uh,
I mean Mayweather side. Yeah, yeah. A new date's coming soon. Yeah.
Whatever that means. I mean he's, he's fighting 200 pounders.
I mean obviously Logan, Paul's not a, a real professional boxer in,
in terms of like, certainly not in the caliber of Floyd Mayweather,
but it's big dude.
Yeah. Huge. Cuz Floyd's not a big guy. No. You know, I've never seen um,
the other guy in person. I don't know how big he is. I met him. He's.
A big. Yeah. Yeah. He's big.
Skills pay the bills man. <laugh>.
Guess so he, he doesn't give a, man. Well, he also fought tension.
Nazo Kawa the, the little tiny dude in Japan,
which was ridiculous when that guy fights at like 1 26. Yeah. <affirmative>.
I was surprised how that went. I, I, I thought Floyd was gonna beat him,
but I thought it would be a little bit more happening than that. That.
Was I Floyd didn't even look like he trained a day for that fight.
He looked like he was a little bit outta shape.
Like he had a little ring around the midsection and smiling like
smiling. Like he knew what he was gonna do. Like how you gonna beat me?
He was so little.
You like he's been fighting these big power punchers and he's fighting this
little guy who's known for his kicks. Right? Catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify. Watch back catalog Jr.
E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.